We must have had access to the original, because the
identical language is contained therein.
Is it still restricted to far, if the I was concerned,
Mr. Hoover told me, and as I've stated to the committee,
beginning of this testimony, that it
carries the highest classification, the built and placed
on the document, confidential, that he does not feel that he
has any right to declassify.
Does Mr. Hoover expect to you any concern about his
having been relieved?
No, sir, he did not.
He did not.
Right.
I don't know what he feels.
Hey, other passengers, do you know that?
No questions.
Do you know up to any first one?
And rejection?
Part of the question is, why is purified one point?
And that is that in addition to the fact that the paragraphs,
all except one were the same, I think he will agree that there
and I'm sure Mr. Collier will agree that there was one
other matter overlooked in which there is no similarity.
And that's the argumentation at the beginning and at the end.
Am I right?
As I testified, the form is completely different
in the few memorandum.
In other words, Mr. Hoover's name at the end,
his name was the beginning.
Yeah, the 15 page document was an interdepartmental memorandum,
which does not require a signature.
This one would send by a signature,
which would require a signature at the end.
And fairly yours, I mean, you would have to sign his name.
Well, Mr. Collier, you asked me a question.
You asked me to clear something up.
Yeah, I would have it like that.
Part of the question, I would like you if I may, with your permission.
So no question that seems from Jan Hoover was directed
to General Bowling.
Regardless whether his name was at the beginning or his end,
regardless whether he signed it or not.
There is no question that the 15 page document
went to General Bowling.
That's not me.
Well, now, let's go to Mr. Collier.
And there's no question.
But the 200 fourth quarter page letter,
there's no four committee never came from Mr. Hoover in that form.
It was not prepared for the FBI.
Well, let's give a, Mr. Hoover.
Mr. Roosevelt, Mr. Justice,
you heard it, Mr. Roosevelt, Mr. Washington, right?
Just one question, Mr. Collier, would you look at what I have referred
to as the hot letter again?
And would you tell us there if you were found anywhere in Washington
an original letter of what's the document before you could be said
to be a carbon copy?
I have not found the original of any document,
reporting to be the original of this document,
but I have not investigated it.
What do you mean you haven't looked everywhere
under the sun?
Yes, sir.
I have not.
And if I cry, do you have any further questions?
Yes.
I would like to, Mr. Chairman, at this time,
view the fact that our trust will be made to the attorney general.
This material has been made public.
I would like to ask, counsel for Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adam,
this fellow or not, they would object to this being made public.
Now that we've established all the letter,
except the security material, the new vascular would be released.
If the attorney general is an object,
and I think this might be a guiding factor in his making
to his decision, Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adam's
object to this being made public.
That might influence Mr. Brown and all,
and I'm not too sure of that.
But you're all now that we know that the MAC Church
report from FBI.
Would you join with me and ask me if the American people know us?
Then I'm going to talk to you.
I will join with you in two propositions.
I will join with you in a search for the truth
as to how your committee got it.
And I will join with you in an effort
to get the opinion of the attorney general
as to how much you've got this here before it should do any public.
Well, I guess you're not on the role
of black men proxies now, and you're not.
Mr. Chalier, do you know?
It's like an ordinary, let me be asking you some questions.
You can't answer.
I don't know.
All right.
I'll tell you.
Don't hesitate.
Normally, when an FBI report is sent out,
one of the threats that we have here, the abbreviated form,
this is a memory I'm not reporting.
Remember, let's talk about the memorandum.
I'm sorry.
Neither a letter nor a report in the memorandum.
When you have the names of some, or 30, 30, 40,
40 individuals, I don't know how many.
Some of them are apparently on which
they're from this evaluation.
There's no drug or information.
There will be the normal procedure for a horrible repeat
that to make a copy or a summary and have this put
in the file of each individual who has mentioned them in the report.
Senator McCarty, I can only answer that by saying,
I think that depends upon the policies
of the department or agency concerns.
I say, thank you very much.
No further questions, Mr. Chairman.
Is everybody concluded the questioning of Mr. Carter?
Yes, sir, you may step down and be unspoiled, Mr. Carter.
And thank you again.
Mr. Counsel, you may follow the next report.
Mr. Chairman, the file of purpose of further pursuing
the inquiry relating to the two documents.
The one referred to as the two-in-the-quarter page document
dated January 26th.
The other referred to as a 15 page document.
So that's purpose and so that's purpose only.
I desire at this time the call is the next witness, Senator McCarty.
Senator McCarty, you think to stand?
General, my counsel, do you believe me?
Now, my counsel is getting some material ready.
Do I have an understood then that perhaps the next witness
was the Senator McCarty who will devolve his hurry
asking information about Dave Stein and Tony Rezko.
Any other company that has any information
through your call into the stands, I favor that.
I want to take the stand that the chairman,
but I want every senator that's now on
who receives information questions about it.
We put on the stand, put on the role,
so it's very receiving that sort of testimony.
We have a ruling in there.
As the chairman, though, the site of every page
what he said, I probably didn't do it.
And I, number one, I am glad to take the stand and the subject.
May we come right before you say we can hit it
and even plan to take the stand and the subject.
But I would like to make sure that this is to be the practice
now on, take for example, talk about calling the other day,
but that he had information that Mr. Stein
was examining some picture of the colony
from the reward of the place with the chairman.
But, might he have taken your head in the curtain as raised
for the number three, I see here something else
gave Senator McFallon an information.
He could have gotten a private sources.
Well, I have the highest respect for the senator's
mark and so let's make that short.
You want that information now?
No, I'll give you something.
No, no, no, I'm not asking.
No, thank you, no one.
Do you want me to finish my, I'll finish my statement.
At least, if there's any time I'm praising you.
But yeah.
The five you're ahead.
You don't want that off the way.
I still don't get the highest respect
for the senator's mark and thought.
I know there's nothing improper about the way
he received his information.
I just want to make it clear that we are now
establishing the president of the polling
to defend any senators' windic case he has information
as I say.
With the understanding that is the presence
and I'm not concerned about the specific information
from Mr. McFallon, but the rules, if you're following me,
done, the rule, I want to make sure we're going to follow
that.
I'll be glad to be the first of an array of senators.
I don't object to those.
Mr. Chairman, if I have any confidential or restricted
information that goes through this security
of this nation in my possession, I'm
ready and willing to take the stand and disclose
the source from which I've received it.
Now be glad to tell the senator the source of the information
that he had for a while ago.
I'm not concerned about the fair rules and the fair.
The fair rules a long time ago.
They're these here.
Anybody would be called as a witness who
had any information distributed on the system's
inspectors, and he would follow them
and request a deduced of that council for any time.
Raise your hand.
You saw me, sir.
I'll test them on you about to give the truth to the host.
I have nothing but the truth to help you guys.
I do.
Chairman.
That's a care of the making.
It's a question of the point of war.
Right.
How are you going to send him, sir?
Now let us understand that his senator
takes the stand if they're cold.
Do they waive that senator a immunity?
We have to.
If I have any immunities, next to the son of I worded that.
And just act here as a witness to the order before the fair.
And beyond that, I desire no amuse of any kind.
Let's make that clear.
But may I ask this morning, who may have you
got out?
He's found from people's labs.
And now, how many must you have?
At least one of the places.
Let the colonists retire.
Under the rules of the committee,
the situation you are now in the familiar,
every witness has a right to get a couple.
Look at that.
I've just been not exactly countless.
But I want to leave two young men here with these lawyers.
Here's one of our men to go out with us.
Here's three of them.
Let's just say, say on I word, the vagabond, the sea to sea
to sea.
So long as they're going to use in this area.
I think we've got to go out with them.
Let's go out with them.
I know, sir.
I think you make a point of order that the chair will have to sustain.
Because you are.
I am a very deep yourself over at the other side
of the army officer's chair where you can catch them there.
Otherwise, they could call us there.
It is.
I'm going to go out with them.
Never.
And if the party is in history,
remember, under the party is history.
I don't know about history right now.
I'm going to go out with them.
I just really want to go out with them.
But, Julie, I know you may be pleased
that the Franco table is tomorrow,
and it's a safe guy to know everybody's happy.
OK.
Are you?
Very good, sir.
If I'm happy now, it's about everything.
All right.
Well located.
Yeah.
All right.
Are you ready to send him a card?
Let's take it.
The benefit of the director is you are
Senator Joseph Armacardi.
No, no, let us take it.
Senator Armacardi, I'm sure you understand.
I desire to make it perfectly clear to you.
And you are all of us concerned at this time.
You ought to be examined.
And examined only with respect to a documented January 26,
1951, the first referred to by Mr. Cot.
Here is a 2 and a 4-page document.
Good.
And a 15-page document of the same date.
We all understand that.
I'm sure with a democracy yesterday afternoon,
there was presented to me to be read to me.
I desire to say that I hate to read it, Mr. Chairman,
and that my mind was completely
shared of all knowledge of its content by the mean, which
perhaps may have filed me a guilty knowledge.
The humidity of which the photo has been lifted
and so may be the post-dark news, I'm
well, and we can take it.
There was handed to me Senator McCarthy a letter.
The date is January 26, 1951.
I'm referred to here as a 2 and a 4-page letter.
And as I recall, Senator, that letter was handed to me
by you.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
Just have fun with it, look.
Let me.
Senator, I'm sorry I didn't get your life.
I say, have fun with it, at least have fun with it.
Oh, yeah, fun with me, do you?
I'm the same.
But you'll pull the matter for an unpleasant date.
And that letter, the first time I've
known it completely couldn't hear me.
That letter was used as a basis by me in further examination
or cross-examination of the sectarian army.
Let us read.
And I believe Senator was used by you and by Mr. Cohn
as a basis for our examination of the sectarian army.
That is correct.
Now, Senator McCarthy, you are bound to be aware of the fact
that some attacks has been made upon that letter.
And I want to ask you this time to tell this committee,
all of your knowledge without my asking you
to any specific questions of this at this time,
all of your knowledge would respect to you
the two-in-a-quarter page letter, particularly where
you obtain possession of it, when you obtain possession of it,
when it came and giving you the knowledge
that you may have pertaining to that two-in-a-quarter page
letter.
First of all, to make it very clear, Mr. Duncan's
and Mr. Chairman, that I will not
under any circumstances reveal the source of any information
which I get as Chairman of the committee.
Now, one of the reasons why I have been successful,
I believe, in some extent, in exposing
the communism is because the people who give me
information from within the government
know that their confidence will not be violated.
They don't have to violate it today.
There's an attempt to get me to violate that confidence
before a committee some two or three years ago
before the piting committee.
I want to make it very, very clear.
I want to notify the people who give me information
that there is no way on earth, that any committee, any force,
can get me to violate the confidence of those people.
May I say that that is the rule which every investigative
agency follows, Mr. Ginger Hoover insists
that no informants be disclosed and brought up
in public, they will not be brought out today
aside from that.
I will give you the information with your expressness
to James.
We did this work with this came to me from some of them
in the army.
Does that recall the time?
I don't recall the date.
Does that recall?
He stated very clearly the reason why he was getting
his information.
Well, because he was deeply disturbed,
because even though there were repeated reports
to me at the eye, to the effect that there
was commuters in filtration, indications of espionage.
In the toppled secret laboratories,
they read our laboratories that nothing was being done.
He felt that his disease, to his country,
was above any duty to any human directive.
To be effective, he could not disclose this information.
And may I say, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Councilman,
I would understand it has been now established
that this is a completely accurate resume
of all of the information in the FBI report.
But that, our informant, whoever he was,
was very careful not to include any security
information.
I give him credit for that.
And I call the chair of the attention of the fact
that there is no security information in with.
And I urge you, Mr. Chairman, that this be made available
to the public.
Number two, if you pardon me, Mr. Jenkins,
I know I have objected along with the answer.
But may I answer you?
Long but fairly, you have said to go ahead
in phonological fashion.
We, I received information also, for me,
thank you, Roy, thank you.
This will be a cigarette crack.
Then in 1949, those reports may add to the same nature.
From the FBI, from planning of what
it appeared to be apparently, Epinod, September 15, 1950,
October 27, 1950, December 1950.
Again, December 1950.
Again, June of 1965, 1961, January 26, 1951.
What do we have here?
February 16, 1951.
February 19, 1952, June 19, 1952.
September 19, 1952, January 1953.
April 10, 1953.
April 21, 1953.
And a young man who gave me this information.
Was deeply disturbed.
That's why he gave it because there was no action taken.
By the Army, the Get rid of individuals after the FBI,
had given a complete report and a very tall stipend.
Period.
OK.
Is that the end of your answer, Senator?
That's the end of the answer.
Then do we understand, Senator McKisney,
that you did not get the two-and-a-quarter page document
from the Federal Bureau of Investigation?
I not only, Mr. Roth did not get this from the FBI,
but let me make a sure that I have never.
You referred to any of the major wealth
and perhaps you'd better apologize to Mr. Welch.
I certainly am always very sorry if I told you
Mr. Welch.
I've seen all the things that Mr. Welch said.
When, Senator, you did not get the two-and-a-quarter page
document from the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
I did not, sir.
Now I'm not going to ask you.
And I did not intend to ask you the name of the individual
who gave you that document.
But as I do understand it, Senator McKisney,
and we are trying to pursue this question to its logical end
so that the committee may know all of the facts,
that two-and-a-quarter page document
was delivered to you by someone from the Army.
Yes, I know that further, Mr. Jenkins,
and perhaps in the intelligence department,
can you go that far and also through the intelligence department?
Very well.
Senator, when was that letter to the four-and-a-quarter page
document delivered to you?
I'm going to consult with Council on that.
If I may, it's very well you know, you're entitled to.
Mr. Welch, Mr. Jenkins, I would
have difficulty giving you an exact date,
but it was early last spring, roughly a year ago.
Council sadly thinks the Mayor June, Mr. Carrera,
so they think it's all so perhaps in June.
I think it was a bit earlier.
I think it was, we had it before, Mr. Carr came
with us in the last spring.
When it was delivered to you, like spring,
and approximately a year ago, which would be in early May,
53, were you then a bad Senator?
That it was not a copy of any exact copy of the 15 page
documents in the thousands in the intelligence department.
But a condensation evidence, we'd call it, that is.
What information did you receive at that time
with respect to this two-and-a-quarter page document
in relation to the 15 page documents?
What, my high school, Mr. Jenkins?
If you had any such information, my high school,
Mr. Jenkins, that's a very call I just
got to be offered with to deliver this.
We fact that the document itself shows
that there has been deleted security information.
That will appear on page two of the,
level of peer experience, who,
did you get my answer with the second page?
I see you, Senator, for the photographer.
May I ask you this, too?
To start it in clarify.
At the time, the two-and-a-quarter page document
was delivered to you by an officer in the intelligence
department of the Army.
To say to whether or not you were advised by him
that the information he'd be given
the two-and-a-quarter page document was
taken from a 15 page document?
No.
No, I was not.
All right.
What information did he give you the respect
that said, of course, he must have done so.
Mr. Jenkins, to the best of my knowledge,
and keep in mind that I talked to the last number of people
he'd today to the best of my knowledge.
And I can't quote him, bro, babe.
And I got the impression that this was the document
that was circulated as a result of a methamia report
because it's obvious on the face of it
that there has been deleted security information.
Now, that may be an infracting question.
Keep following me, sir.
In other words, if the FBI reports to the head of G2
on some 30 individuals as they did here,
the normal thing would be the G2 as soon.
Either family complete copyright or a summary of this.
You put them in the file of the V to individual concerns.
Now, as I say, it's obvious that the security information
has been deleted.
Beyond that, it hasn't testified
that the complete word for word for a metham
transcript of the FBI report.
I was very happy to learn that this morning.
I knew it would be the same material.
And I was very happy to learn the word for word for a metham.
When did you learn of the existence of the 15 page document
and most of the time to about Miss Kogger?
About 11.30 last night, Mr. Kohn's all been
and told me that he had heard that this was nearly
a summary of a document that I think he said was 11 pages,
not 50, and he had that figure wrong.
And there were eight other pages covering the security
information I told him that I assumed there were other pages
either at Dunham or something covering the security
information.
And at that time, if I may continue to be responses,
I told him to promptly contact you.
If it was too late last night, the contact you this morning,
tell you that.
And also to send away our commissioner,
Steven asking him to produce the balance of the material.
So I think in all fairness to Mr. Kohn and the committee,
I should say that Mr. Kohn did in fact contact me last night.
I was a respect to that request.
Now, Ben, Senator McCarthy, do we understand
as the committee understands that at the time
the two-and-a-quarter page document was tended to me
yesterday afternoon.
You did not know of the existence of a 15 page document
in the intelligence files of the Army.
Is that correct, little friend?
You did not know at that time that the two-and-a-quarter
page document contained the information, the statements,
the paragraphs of the 15 page documents
with the exception, in substance, of the information
given opposite the names of each one of the parties listed
there in all pages to their office.
Is that correct?
I think that's the exact statement.
I'm so at the time.
Miss, may I say Mr. Jenkins, I don't want to belong to it.
I've found.
I had written the belief of that time
that there was no security information.
I assume the original report might
have had some security information.
So at the time this two-and-a-quarter page document
was handed to me and used as a basis
for a coffee examination of the specter of the Army,
it was your understanding that as far as you knew,
that was an exact copy of the documents
then in the file of the intelligence department
of the Army.
You like the acceptance of those rights?
The famine I have no further questions.
I have just one.
I'm going to ask you in such a way
that I don't overrule myself on a point of order
because I have incidences that the senator
do not read aloud but in the letter.
But you have read the letter.
No member of the committee has.
If the letter is ultimately made part
of the exhibit to this committee, which it will be
if we get the permission of the Attorney General,
is it your testimony that the letter
will show on its face that part of the information which
might be in some other report is not contained in that letter?
That is correct.
That's the paragraph.
Prime, which Mr. Collier referred.
And then the comments.
And also, the letter part is clicked.
That's one question that I understand you
to say this document was delivered to you
as chairman of the committee.
I was chairman in what capacity has been delivered.
I don't know.
I was chairman of the committee.
I asked you now to you regard it as a committed document
or as a personal document.
What is it?
It's available to the committee.
All such documents, the number
do you available to the committee?
I can't think many that are not available to the committee.
Have you ever made that available to the committee before?
I tell it's for the you-round, the committee,
then the senator?
Or the bit old that it's there.
This would be available to any member of the committee.
May I say that all of the files are available.
I don't turn out of the file, senator.
I bet 40 questions.
Wait until I make it clear.
This was one of my few hundred thousand documents
in our file.
I do not think it's on myself to get out of the file
and take them out and come into the cemetery.
That is why I argue that you have a minority council.
I do not think it's on the general's file.
It's all available to him.
That's all I want to know.
I just wasn't a way of such material.
As you are proposing to introduce here,
is available to all members of the committee.
Such as you now are if you treat it as a personal document
or an summation.
Senator, I treat nothing that I receive as personal.
The only I consider as personal is the man with the informant.
And that I consider personal.
But everything that we have is available to any member of the committee.
As well, Mr. President.
Good afternoon.
Senator McCartney is an unusual or extraordinary
for confidential documents of this nature
to come from you either as chairman of the Senate
from the Investigating Committee for Ethnic Individual
Cemetery.
It's made daily and a nightly occurrence for me
to receive information from people and governments
in regard to comments and post-pictures.
And that's true of many agencies and governments.
That is true.
Great.
That's all.
The DuMont Television Network is bringing to you
through its facilities the Army McCartney Subcommittee's
area.
For Christy, I understand that the letter
has introduced yesterday came to you in that form,
last April.
I mean, the letter is correct.
I'm not sure what they're for, maybe, in the region.
Now I mean whenever I arrive, I'm not asking you
the exact one.
Let it be.
Was it delivered to you personally,
or are there any one of the staff initially?
There may have been some members of the staff
first, and I don't know the letter
came in the mic possession first point.
You don't know whether your informant gave it to you
directly or a member of the staff received
the first and then gave it to you.
I am reasonably certain, good, well,
I just was given to the hand of the people personally.
People mind that I talk to so many people every day
that I can't remember who's hand of the something
a year ago.
Well, I mean, your best knowledge and belief
has changed you personally, and not
it is for the staff.
But it's for you.
You recall meeting the person or seeing him
at the theater very, very well.
That's all.
And the letter?
Senator McCarthy, that I understand,
you just said I briefly the yesterday
or today, that the letter referred to me
Mr. Cohen and Aaron Fullman, the OLLMAs.
I also understand you say that there
are several other names on this.
There are 34 names.
And if I don't violate the sheriff's order,
I can send you the own involved.
People connected with the full well-rogan bird
firing and seven theme of them still working
at the greater laboratory of the time
or in the investigation of the men.
But I'll take it for you.
All right.
Some of them are least confidently seven years.
Now, does that two and a half states you thought you have?
Deal with justice to Cohen or in particular,
or does it deal with, in the general nature of,
well, I'm more likely to have something
that's a question you can answer.
I don't, the general letter deals principally with Mr. Coleman.
Now, as far as individuals listed,
I can turn, I don't have the report
in each individual.
All I have here is the evaluation.
Either an evaluation placed on the butter by my informant,
or an evaluation placed on by some other agents,
things.
And all I have here is the notification
after each name, the Rogatory, not the Rogatory,
rather no the Rogatory.
All right.